# Playviews
Athanor's playviews heavily interact with and alter the assumptions made by [Evennia's Connection Styles](https://www.evennia.com/docs/latest/Concepts/Connection-Styles.html#multisession-mode-and-multi-playing) concepts. It is recommended to read up on those before this.

# The Problem(TM)
Evennia's concept of "puppeting" Objects is amazing; so little links a Session to an Object/Character and yet, so much stands in the way of elegantly orchestrating this relationship in the default approach. Athanor envisions MUDs which may feature vehicles, summoned entities, quests that control alternate characters and numerous other things which would involve relaying commands to an object OTHER than the chosen player character, but without putting the original player character in an 'offline' state. Additionally, many commands may depend on being attached to an Object and also having a Session, which are only useful in the context of a player character OR a specific "session of play" (IE: goes away when you log out.) Furthermore, many games may want to implement special behaviors to be triggered when unexpected disconnections happen in the middle of play.

# Athanor's Solution
The Playview acts as a kind of 'middleman' between Sessions and Objects, when a character is IC/puppeted. Multiple Sessions can link to the one Playview and the Playview manages linking the puppet to the Session(s). The Playview can 'switch puppets' at any time and it will affect all connected Sessions. It has its own CmdSetHandler and acts as a fourth provider of Commands (the others being Session, Account, and Object) now in the order of "Session -> Account -> Playview -> Object." Playviews are created when a player character "goes IC" and remain until the player character "fully logs out" (normally meaning , all sessions have disconnected or the QUIT command is used.)

The Playview is a fully typeclassed entity, which means it can be inherited from, the BASE_PLAYVIEW_TYPECLASS changed, and it has support for tags, attributes, and similar niceties.